# kupcakes
In the website “Kupcakes”, we have used HTML, HTML5 tags, CSS, CSS3 and Java script to make it presentable, easy to navigate through various pages. We got to know the use of animation, hovering, transition, transformation effects. We also learnt to make the webpages responsive using CSS3 functionalities such as, media query, view ports. The website has different animations for all the pages. The different types of CSS selectors used to make it more convenient for us to develop the webpages. The introduction/title page is made using the CSS, HTML, CSS3 transitions, and Java script. All the pages consist of navigation bar with hovering effects. Login Form consists of form tag taking input as UserId and password, validating it using HTML5. Home page of Kupcakes is an informative page for which we have used animation effects. The upper section consists of an image slider with CSS3 transitions, which updates us about the latest events and issues. About page depicts the website’s main purpose of discovery and existence. It also includes information about the team members placed in a div container with CSS3 transitions as well as transformations along with the hovering effects. Signup page is for the new users who are interested to buy our variety of cakes. It includes a form with Java script form validation.
Our Website is based on buying and searching of variety of cakes. Addition of the user data and also the product data (in case of organizers) was done using php and MySQL database system. XML along with the XSLT stylesheet was used to produce the table which contained the information about the number of different centres in all over the country. A live search feature for events was introduced using AJAX. A manifest file was made with the help of JSON which gives the information, name and structure of our website to the web browser. The website was finally hosted using 000webhost. Further some strings were blacklisted to prevent our website from malicious SQL injection attacks which helped in making our website more secure.
